Matt Bailey: Alright, looks like everyone's rolling in here.
Matt Bailey: Let me get…
Todd Koch: Hey, Matt, how you doing?
Matt Bailey: All right, Todd, how you doing today?
Todd Koch: Good, thank you.
Matt Bailey: Good, good.
Todd Koch: It's, absolutely blizzarding here today.
Matt Bailey: No way!
Todd Koch: Pouring snow. We must have got 6 inches since this morning already. Just unreal.
Matt Bailey: Amazing.
Todd Koch: I've had it, I've had enough of it.
Matt Bailey: I think we're done in this part of the country. I, I, I, I… I think?
Todd Koch: I thought we would be too, but…
Andy Zelt: Where you at, Todd?
Todd Koch: I'm in Calgary, I'm up in Canada here.
Andy Zelt: Okay.
Todd Koch: How about yourself?
Andy Zelt: Indiana, so we're done.
Todd Koch: Oh, okay.
Andy Zelt: too, I think.
Todd Koch: Yeah.
Matt Bailey: Yep.
Todd Koch: You're good, you're good.
Matt Bailey: I got friends in Minnesota, I love joking with them that summer doesn't start till July there.
Todd Koch: Yeah, and it ends in the end of all, like, the September-long weekend, it's like the door gets shut, and it's winter.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, they were telling me they've got a boat, and I'm like, what do you get, like, 3 weeks to use it?
Todd Koch: Yeah, I bet you all the boat… if you buy a boat from somebody up here, or even in, yeah, the northern U.S, your boat's probably pretty new when you buy it, even if it's used.
Matt Bailey: That's great. Oh, no.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, I think we're getting done here. We finally… I don't know, we're finally… I'm waiting for it to average, I think, the 50s? I need some cement work done.
Todd Koch: Oh, yeah.
Matt Bailey: So, yeah, they started in the fall, so I've got, like, a whole sidewalk, we had to put a new… new deck, and all that, and just waiting for the weather to finish everything, and…
Todd Koch: Nice.
Matt Bailey: Oh, you know… Never mind.
Todd Koch: Right? Yeah, exactly.
Matt Bailey: Alright, let me see… Brian's in, I think he's at the golf course.
Matt Bailey: Everything's going well for him.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah. Yeah, really, it's 68 degrees today. Sorry, guys.
Matt Bailey: Alright, looks like we've got a few more coming in here.
Todd Koch: Very different.
Jay Cornelius: Hey Matt, how you doing?
Matt Bailey: Alright, Jay, how you doing today?
Jay Cornelius: All good, just chasing, chasing, you know.
Matt Bailey: Yes.
Justin Day: Hey, Matt, could you let in my, AI note-taker?
Matt Bailey: Oh, is that yours okay?
Matt Bailey: Alright.
Justin Day: Thank you.
Matt Bailey: That's alright.
Matt Bailey: Alright, I'll keep an eye on that. Good to see everyone!
Matt Bailey: How's everyone doing?
Todd Koch: Good.
Matt Bailey: Great, great, great, great. Yeah, I've contacted each of you, I just want to be sure where you're at, because knowing what the next… the next session with Monica's in about 2 weeks, and he's going to cover workflow, setting up some auditing, and we're going to be using one of, LinkGraph's projects.
Matt Bailey: For Roto-Rooter, which is, you know, it's gonna be a whole national audit of everything that's going on, how he ran it, and then the gap analysis, and breaking everything down. So he's gonna share that with you, and then show you, you know, basically.
Matt Bailey: Basically, what you're gonna get doing is running a couple of agentic processes at a time.
Matt Bailey: and then basically sit back and watch it. And so the goal of this is it's gonna work while you sleep.
Matt Bailey: And so that… I want to make sure everyone is to that point, so if you need help, if, you know, you haven't run a process yet, or you're kind of stuck on what you're doing, let me know. I'll get you set up with JD. We also have our implementation team. They can help you with connecting your current workflow
Matt Bailey: if it might need to be adjusted at all to work with the MCP. So, JD can help you on the technical side, implementation team, they'll be available next week to work with you on workflow issues. So, please reach out, let me know where you're at. That's why I kind of gave you that list, let me know where you're on the list so I know who to call and what to do.
Jay Cornelius: Sorry, Matt, where did you get… send that list? Was it on the mail? I missed it.
Matt Bailey: Okay, Jay, who are you? You are connected with…
Jay Cornelius: Modern? Clayton? Modern?
Matt Bailey: Clayton, okay, I'll be sure you… I sent that out to all the principals here, but I'll make sure everyone else gets that as well, so we can have you all ready to go.
Matt Bailey: Fantastic.
Jay Cornelius: Latin is here, he's just buzzy. He's muted himself.
Matt Bailey: He's on the phone.
Jay Cornelius: Yeah, he's on an ultra phone.
Matt Bailey: All right. Hey, Brian, do you want me to spool up? I'm gonna have Brian actually… I asked him yesterday, I'm like, why don't you lead this meeting? You are out in front of everybody, just killing it, and, and, and, okay, I'll share from here.
Bryan Fikes: I don't know about… I don't know about leading it, but I'll be happy to share some of the, some of the wonderful nuggets that I've discovered in the last couple of weeks.
Matt Bailey: I mean, you mind if I… well, you've shared them publicly.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, go… yeah, go for it. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, go for it.
Matt Bailey: Alright, let me pull a couple of these up here.
Justin Day: And digging for…
Bryan Fikes: I want to preface, the AI cashmaker that he's gonna show you, Go ahead.
Justin Day: No, go ahead, go ahead.
Bryan Fikes: I was gonna say, the AI cashmaker he's gonna show you literally was after one of these rounds. I went home, I had the idea in the car, I had it up, and ready within 3 hours.
Jay Cornelius: Whoa.
Jay Cornelius: And then you went golfing, right?
Bryan Fikes: Well, in that case, I went swimming, but yeah.
Matt Bailey: Alright, let's get into Circle here.
Matt Bailey: I'm in the wrong browser.
Matt Bailey: Of course.
Bryan Fikes: I'm gonna take my drive, and I'll be right back.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, right?
Matt Bailey: Let me get that.
Jay Cornelius: That's awesome, we get to do golfing at the same time, right?
Matt Bailey: I know, he said these meetings are the same as his tea time, so he's, you know, he's got his priorities together.
Jay Cornelius: They're gonna take us to the Masters.
Matt Bailey: Alright, here we are.
Matt Bailey: Let me find where he posted that.
Bryan Fikes: Hey, Matt, it's live. You can just go to AICashmaker.com.
Matt Bailey: Oh, that… well, yeah, that makes it easy, okay.
Bryan Fikes: Alright, I'm gonna see somebody.
Matt Bailey: I know.
Bryan Fikes: I'm a dream.
Bryan Fikes: I had to go in the drive real quick.
Matt Bailey: Alright, let's share this out here.
Bryan Fikes: Here, I don't mind sharing something real quick while you're pulling that up.
Bryan Fikes: I had to, speaking of figuring things out, I had to figure out how to get my dog on my…
Bryan Fikes: automatic golf cart, so I rigged up a little bar so she has a place to walk me while I'm going.
Matt Bailey: All right. So, tell us about your idea, and how you kind of pulled this together. I'm looking at this because, like, as soon as he posted this, I was jealous, because I'm like, anyone who's been exposed to, you know, SEO for years, you've got a hundred ideas in your head.
Matt Bailey: They just haven't had the time, the money, the technology to make it happen, because you're doing… you're running an agency. So, you know, as soon as he posted this, I'm like, the jealousy took over, so…
Bryan Fikes: Well, you know, I mean, you just hit the nail on the head. When I was in full agency mode and dealing with hundreds of clients, and you know, at one time, 38 employees, 1,500 plus clients, I think we had, like, 2,300
Bryan Fikes: plus websites on servers. I mean, that was a mess. I was a firefighter at 5 o'clock in the morning, I was a firefighter at midnight.
Bryan Fikes: And I just couldn't… I couldn't focus. So, when I came into this mastermind, the beautiful part is I get to be that creator side of myself, not the admin, not the technical, not the firefighter. I just get to go dream. And the AI cashmaker, I had reviewed.
Bryan Fikes: The, the presentation again, or the workshop that we all did.
Bryan Fikes: And that voice bonsai, the first one that I did was kind of, like, hurried, and I was playing catch-up because I missed some of the parts of when he started actually getting into warp, and so…
Bryan Fikes: I got really maniacal with, like, I just kept asking questions. My, the cool part is my chat GPT has been trained for about 3 plus years, and so it's got every memory of me.
Bryan Fikes: I mean, I literally can go into it and go, hey, Bodhi, I need some new ideas for bonsai marketing, and he'll… I mean, he knows every angle I'm going for, all of my positioning statements, all of my marketing, and so it was really easy for him and I to work through… him and I.
Bryan Fikes: fucking calling my AI agent a him. It! It was really easy for IT to, put together a prompt that started the whole process, and then once I started…
Bryan Fikes: seeing, you know… I got why they call it vibecoding, because you really just kind of start getting into a thought process where you're like, shit, man, literally, like, whatever I tell it… I mean, I've literally got my warp clawed. I don't even know what to call them yet. I call him bonsai brain, but that's not right.
Bryan Fikes: It, like, it started to talk back to me. It's like, I'll be like, man, that's perfect, good job on the website, like, cool, thanks, man! I was like, shit!
Bryan Fikes: I see where this is going.
Matt Bailey: Alright, so you can see, I don't know if you can see, Brian, I've got, you know, so it's this AI cashmaker, he's got tools, I opened up the side hustles, 10 Ways to Make Money with AI Side Hustles. I love how you've got the income range.
Matt Bailey: time, you know, first two to four weeks for an SEO, AI SEO agency, course creation, chatbot building.
Matt Bailey: video creation, everything's in here, you know, and here's what I love, I'll put this in the,
Matt Bailey: The video creation. Let's look at the faceless YouTube channels.
Matt Bailey: Startup costs, income range, difficulty level, explains how you could do it.
Matt Bailey: And putting in a step-by-step blueprint.
Bryan Fikes: So again, it's not… it's by any means, you know, 100% ready to go. Purchasing is there. You know, and again, when I was viewing the presentation again, you know, one of the assignments was to build a review
Bryan Fikes: style direct…
Bryan Fikes: or, you know, something of this magnitude that becomes a third-party association that you can use to obviously link back to our primaries. So that's where the idea exploded, because I was, like, in the car after the golf round going, I didn't do exactly what he thought, or he told us we should go create.
Bryan Fikes: And so I remembered I had this, I bought that domain name, like, 4 years ago when I saw this thing, you know, coming to full hilt. And so I'm like, shit, I already got the domain name, I already got some branding, I know how to do the video, so I don't know if you guys have seen the video in Circle. I mean, it's like, guys, we're giving… we're getting tools where we can just create
Bryan Fikes: Anything.
Bryan Fikes: And I'll share something with you guys right now that, it's not gonna be for public consumption, but if you guys want, go ahead, Matt, and show them DAXRewards.com.
Bryan Fikes: So, DAXRewards.com.
Matt Bailey: I don't… yeah.
Bryan Fikes: And… So what this is, guys, is my 12-year-old.
Bryan Fikes: I brought my Tesla off on Tuesday. Guys, by… by… that was about 3 o'clock. By 6 o'clock, I had this. Matt, if you want to click into the, DAX dashboard.
Bryan Fikes: And then just kind of click around as I'm talking. It's got rewards, it's got missions, clean your bed, keeps track, he can go spend his tokens, he's got a whole store full of adventures with me, real stuff.
Bryan Fikes: It's like, guys, we can do anything.
Jay Cornelius: Awesome, Ryan.
Matt Bailey: I don't know, I was telling my wife about this. I wish I had this 10 years ago.
Jay Cornelius: Brian, what's your phone number?
Bryan Fikes: Guys, I'm open, you guys can talk. Feel free, I love collabing, man. I'm back in my happy zone, so…
Bryan Fikes: I'll be right back, guys.
Matt Bailey: So, I'll get in and show you the… the… the parent… the parent portal.
Matt Bailey: big report of what he's done, you can add bonus things here, but, you know, for a young teenage kid, you know, it's gamified all their chores, and helped them see a tangible
Matt Bailey: tangible result from it. So yeah, you can manage tasks, rewards.
Matt Bailey: You know, get a sense of what's going on here.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, so the cool addition to this that we thought of, and so I've got my son kind of bought on this whole thing, his idea was like, Dad, I love the store, but I want to be able to have it now. I'm like, well, let's do both. We're gonna have a physical store at the house.
Bryan Fikes: And we'll have his online store. It'll be a box full of gift cards and random stuff, and we'll, you know, every now and then, when he earns it, he can use his tokens and dip into the physical store.
Matt Bailey: Yep. I love the 30 minutes extra screen time. I mean, that's… I mean, wasn't that the source of this whole thing?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: This is so cool.
Bryan Fikes: The answer is yes.
Jay Cornelius: Yeah.
Jay Cornelius: Love it.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, I think from what Brian was saying, this was the source of it, is how do we manage the screen time? How do we make it, you know, connect it to rewards? So, yeah, all kinds of, you know, cash, sleep-in, skip a chore, those types of things, you know, all kinds of things here, but yeah, I…
Matt Bailey: I told Brian, like, you gotta monetize this. This is… this is fantastic, but what a way to push that out there. But yeah, I asked Brian for permission to share these, kind of,
Matt Bailey: And he can kind of walk you through some of the challenges. He's got a couple others. I don't know if you saw the, let me see, what was… the roofing company?
Matt Bailey: If you guys saw that on Circle, I'm trying to think what that was.
Matt Bailey: So I can pull that up. But that was one made with, going through the MCP.
Jay Cornelius: So you're saying we should buy DEX coin right now?
Jay Cornelius: It's gonna go up, you know?
Matt Bailey: What's that? The…
Jay Cornelius: We should be buying DEX coin.
Matt Bailey: Yeah.
Matt Bailey: Alright.
Bryan Fikes: I don't think I've already thought about building a cryptocurrency on this.
Bryan Fikes: Matt, what you're, what you're referring to is my… so guys, I had an issue.
Bryan Fikes: Where I kept trying to push builds to a website studio.
Bryan Fikes: And, in working with JD and my implementation guy, Farhan, I don't know if you guys are… some of you are working with Farhan, he's awesome. You know, they kind of… they acknowledge some of the challenges that are going on, because I, like… I've got a roofing website that the guy wants to tackle 3 premium counties, so we went from a…
Bryan Fikes: you know, 110-page site that he already currently has to… we're gonna have close to a 395-page site, but we're gonna do it in phases, obviously, because we don't want to get too big of a, sandbox from Google.
Bryan Fikes: Because of all the new content, but I was having major challenges, because it built a really cool, sleek, website, but then I tried to start working on it inside the MCP, it just kept breaking. It just kept, like, you know, hiccuping, and then it would do weird stuff, so I finally just said, screw it. And that's where I figured out, Netlify and, Vercel.
Bryan Fikes: Supabase, you know, I figured out how to…
Bryan Fikes: Connect my domain name. So, 2 days ago.
Bryan Fikes: I started experimenting with actually having it by domain names, and running…
Bryan Fikes: Full sessions where the idea comes, the content comes.
Bryan Fikes: I've got an auto repair shop that I bought a vanity URL for, because he doesn't feel he needs a new website, so I was just like, well, shit, it's a perfect experiment of me messing around with
Bryan Fikes: you know, implementing GoDaddy. GoDaddy's got a great little API, and instead of using, you know, WordPress, you know, basically building a next step.js for more complicated builds, and then I'm doing static for simple sites, so…
Bryan Fikes: It's been a… It's been a fun week, guys.
Jay Cornelius: Oh.
Jay Cornelius: I'm good.
Jay Cornelius: Whoa.
Bryan Fikes: I wanna hear, man. Like, what's been other people's challenges?
Bryan Fikes: Justin, you know.
Jonathan Duque: We do have a question here, Brian, for you. So what you're saying is that
Jonathan Duque: you are building those directly through the API into GoDaddy? Is that what I… Would you mind?
Bryan Fikes: I'm building on Netlify and getting my preview to the point where I want it exactly where I want it, and then I instruct the MCP to launch it on a domain name that's in GoDaddy, so I don't have to log into GoDaddy anymore, I don't have to mess with, you know.
Jonathan Duque: Oh, okay.
Bryan Fikes: DNS, updating CNAME, it does all of that for me.
Jonathan Duque: But then the CMS, it's… I guess it's, routed to NetFly, right?
Bryan Fikes: Payload.
Jonathan Duque: Come again, sorry.
Bryan Fikes: I'm using payload.
Jonathan Duque: Oh, okay, okay, I see now.
Jonathan Duque: This is cool, yeah. You've done a lot.
Jonathan Duque: I wonder if you've, like, have you considered, or have you checked on the…
Jonathan Duque: token consumptions, and maybe how do you approach that? Because I'm guessing you're burning a lot.
Bryan Fikes: That's funny you ask. Oh, big time. So I used to have a $300 e-book.
Bryan Fikes: So, a $50 a day cap is nothing in comparison, so my wife is happy that I keep having to play this claw guy. She thought I was having an affair, but I told her, no, no, no, it's just my… this is my platform, so… I'm already at a very high level, and I'm already about 500 bucks in on tokens.
Jonathan Duque: Right, so just as a recommendation, there's multiple
Jonathan Duque: Ways that you can, sort of… Make those tokens worth?
Jonathan Duque: If you come to a point where that is just draining… I mean, I know that in comparison to paying, you know, someone abroad or whatever, it's nothing, but still, you might want to check that out for efficiency. So, for instance, there are different ways that you can program it into using different models for different tasks.
Jonathan Duque: So whenever you launch an agent, it uses, let's say, Sonet instead of Haiku, or the other way around if it is for design or complex thinking. So when you're going through the thinking process, for instance, you're not earning credits from the ones that you actually need for design.
Jonathan Duque: Since that is, like, one of the biggest pieces for us.
Jonathan Duque: There are also ways that you can.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, and I knew that you were gonna… go ahead.
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, no, to wrap things up, there's another way that you can set the roof on the context window, because you know it refreshes every 5 hours, at least for the initial 2 years.
Jonathan Duque: And you can set the roof.
Jonathan Duque: Earlier, so it triggers and
Jonathan Duque: summarizes the information before it gets to a point where it's just using tokens to read the conversation. Because every time you send the message, it's going to read whatever messages you've sent previously. So that's why I really, tend to burn credits as well.
Jonathan Duque: So yeah, different ways that you can figure a best way to use those, so I'm thinking of building some recommendations for you guys.
Jonathan Duque: Yeah.
Jonathan Duque: Because myself, I'm not in those high tiers such as you are, so economy and the token side's a big piece, and I learned some really good stuff that I could share.
Bryan Fikes: Well, so again, my entrepreneurial self, like the roofing client, I went to him and said, hey man, I could build this, this is my normal process, or I can experiment and build this. It's gonna be, you know, X for this and Y for that. And so, he said, let's go Y. So basically, I just built in a huge, buffer
Bryan Fikes: For all the costs. And then JD, like you said, or you showed, you know, I figured out all of a sudden, one night, I let something go, and you gotta be careful to make sure you, box this stuff.
Bryan Fikes: Because I let one project go, and I woke up the next day, and all my AI quota was completely gone. It, like, drained everything. So, and again, JD, thanks for the offer. I know you're gonna take care of us in that respect, in terms of us playing around with all this stuff. Obviously, we're gonna make mistakes, and it's nice to know you guys stick with us and kind of
Bryan Fikes: I like… I love that, man.
Jonathan Duque: kid.
Jonathan Duque: That's what I'm here for. That's what I'm here for. We see it happen.
Jonathan Duque: Another piece that I wanted, you know, to share, since we are, into the weeds of, like, how do you send or personalize your claw.
Jonathan Duque: You might want to, now that you have different designs and different, like, approaches to different type of businesses, you might as well create your own skill that takes from other repos or other skills to design and set that as a template, you know, so to speak.
Jonathan Duque: So, that guarantees that you can trigger that workflow for specific clients, and it would use those type of designs, it would use or consume certain, like, range of tokens and whatnot. Have you all, like, tested, maybe, the skill creator?
Jonathan Duque: skill in life? Do you have that installed?
Jonathan Giner: Are you talking about.
Bryan Fikes: powers.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, superpowers, yeah, I have the superpowers installed.
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, so one of those is, the parallel agent, and that is great, because you can
Jonathan Duque: Like, divide one project into multiple batches or tasks.
Jonathan Duque: Lists, and then each agent will execute one of those, so you don't need to do those in line and wait until it finishes, because sometimes it takes a little bit longer than expected, right?
Jonathan Duque: And the other one that really makes a huge difference is, the skill creator. So, you might as well just ask Lot to trigger that for you, and essentially what it does is
Jonathan Duque: It creates its own repo or specs according to your needs, so next time that it needs to invoke a skill, it would not need to go over everything again.
Jonathan Duque: Get to that composition, but it would actually have to… Like, the path.
Jonathan Duque: to go through. Maybe I can share my screen and show you guys, because I know it's a little bit…
Jonathan Duque: abstract.
Bryan Fikes: And JD, while you're doing that, I will share that a buddy of mine is in this space for a company called Snowflake, and he was telling me that when he plays around with his MCP, or his setup, he says.
Bryan Fikes: He created 7 different agents. So he's got a creator agent, a developer agent, program agent, an admin agent, a sales agent, and he trains each one individually to do a certain task, and then he deploys them
Bryan Fikes: in big batches. And so one will work on just one silo of information, and he says the streamline and the product that you get in the end is phenomenal. So he's… he sent me a couple of prompts to start trying to do that, so that's my new… my new experiment, but yeah, using the superpowers and stuff like that, please continue. I'd love to see that.
Jonathan Duque: Absolutely. Let me go ahead and share in a minute. In the meantime, Matt, do you have anything that you want to cover while I'll get set up?
Matt Bailey: No, this was, this session is, you know, ask Brian your questions. That's it.
Matt Bailey: I wanted to show what he was doing so you could ask him some of the challenges he ran into, and really just, you know, I think the thing is, you know, it's those ideas that have been in back of your head.
Matt Bailey: This is a playground.
Matt Bailey: And, you know, Brian's had some failures before this, and, you know, kind of worked through some stuff, but, you know, this was meant as a kind of a motivator, see what's possible, and build out from there. So, if you have any questions at all, now's the time to ask them.
Andy Zelt: Brian, I would, ask if there was one thing you… what's your biggest learning curve over the last 3 weeks?
Bryan Fikes: Don't be afraid to break stuff.
Matt Bailey: went on.
Bryan Fikes: Like, and don't… don't have the fear that you're gonna mess up something so far, that,
Bryan Fikes: And again, I'm in a different situation, because I set up my Mac Studio to, I can see very easily.
Bryan Fikes: or some of the tasks that I was doing, to bleed into very quickly, because there was a point where, when I connected my domain names, it… it hiccuped and started trying to deploy. I'm like… it's like, this domain name has nothing on it, would you like to deploy here? And I'm like, oh, shit, this thing could go rampant, so…
Bryan Fikes: I wasn't afraid, because in the end, I'm like, okay, I'll apologize to whoever and say, I'm sorry, but I did figure out you can always go back one step. You know, just like version control on websites, you can always go back.
Jonathan Duque: Max, would you mind, allowing me in with the other…
Matt Bailey: Oh, yeah.
Jonathan Duque: at all.
Matt Bailey: Yep.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, I think the other thing I'd recommend you doing, Brian said something that's.
Jonathan Duque: And forgive me, like, I think…
Matt Bailey: How many of you guys… Collect domain names.
Matt Bailey: I mean, how many domain names do you have sitting off to the side that you had an idea, and you bought it? I just went through mine the other day, and I'm like, so some of these I'm gonna dump, but I'm… I mean, there's your idea sets. What were you thinking when you bought that domain, you know, years ago?
Matt Bailey: And now, what can you do with it? Now that you've got the playground to make it happen? That would be my number one thing to do, is go look at all those domains you've got set aside. You know.
Matt Bailey: at one point, I mean, in the SEO industry, how many times have we told clients that, yeah, having 100 different variations of your domain name is not gonna do it?
Matt Bailey: You know, and now we can set those up as third-party sites. We can set them up, you know, now it seems to be going back to where SEO was, where I'm building a bunch of microsites. And the way the algorithm shifted?
Matt Bailey: that's now become, you know, easy, and it's sort of back in play with AI.
Jay Cornelius: Yeah, well… Very much, very much.
Jay Cornelius: Period.
Matt Bailey: Yeah, Jay, yeah.
Jay Cornelius: Got any, freak, I can't even remember what they're called. Web3 domains? Crypto domains?
Jay Cornelius: I mean, I bought so many of those, not only when that's gonna be a reality, those domains.
Jay Cornelius: Blockchain domains, there we go.
Matt Bailey: Blockchain domains. I have not messed around with that.
Matt Bailey: Much at all.
Matt Bailey: I don't know if anyone else has.
Jay Cornelius: Just curious while we're on it. There's a lot sitting there.
Matt Bailey: Alright, okay, JD, over to you.
Jonathan Duque: Can you hear me okay?
Matt Bailey: Yep.
Jonathan Duque: Good.
Jonathan Duque: So, One sec, one sec…
Jonathan Duque: There are a bunch of stuff open at once, so…
Jonathan Duque: So, this is what I meant by, this skill. So, we've gone through this, Oof.
Jonathan Duque: Can you see warp now?
Jonathan Duque: Good.
Jonathan Duque: So, the way that I have My, like, filed?
Jonathan Duque: like, the file distribution that I share with you guys is exactly as you see that on the resource, right? I have this massive folder where I keep all of my projects, and then in… under each of those projects, I would have the code, the MD file, the README,
Jonathan Duque: And it depends on the type of project, of course, right? Either if it's a website, or if it is…
Jonathan Duque: An automation, or whatever the case may be.
Jonathan Duque: No.
Jonathan Duque: What really made a difference for me was to have
Jonathan Duque: all of the skills, right, that I… that would come with the superpowers piece, One sec.
Jonathan Duque: Pretty quiet. Let me see if…
Jonathan Duque: I'm connecting the right mic, one sec.
Jonathan Duque: Let's use this.
Jonathan Duque: Right. Can you hear me okay, you know? Is it better?
Matt Bailey: Oh, yeah.
Jonathan Duque: Good, good.
Jonathan Duque: Alright, so… Boom.
Jonathan Duque: Just about the office.
Jonathan Duque: Alright, all good now. So, what I was trying to say is that I keep all of my skills at the root level.
Jonathan Duque: under the cloud folder.
Jonathan Duque: And the issue for me was…
Jonathan Duque: I didn't remember all of them, and I was not gonna check on those or remember what each of those would do, in which scenario they would do it.
Jonathan Duque: So what I did was literally just ask Claude.
Jonathan Duque: true self, or automatically invoke the skill that I needed to use for the specific tasks that I wanted.
Jonathan Duque: Right
Jonathan Duque: Just as that, like, that is a prompt. Just… I ask, hey, I don't want to be the one telling you what skills to invoke for a specific task, I just want you to
Jonathan Duque: go through my repo, go through my, like, the skills that I just installed.
Jonathan Duque: And make sure that you trigger whatever makes sense, whenever it makes sense, right? Let me know which one it is, and then I'll confirm, or just automatically use it through, and we'll see how it goes.
Jonathan Duque: And so what that caused was Slot to create its own, triggers and its own hooks, And…
Jonathan Duque: And to remember those preferences as we went along.
Jonathan Duque: And so every time that I talk to Claude, as Brian's saying, it's like I'm having a conversation with someone that already knows me, so I don't need to revisit my initial, like, intro or whatever I needed from the start.
Jonathan Duque: And the skill that I liked the most, which was this one, which is the skill builder, or the Skill Creator.
Jonathan Duque: And the reason is, this one allows me
Jonathan Duque: to configure this skill according to the outcome of the sessions. So, say I'm focused this, time in design, right? This is a specific design for a website.
Jonathan Duque: So, I would just look it up on the internet, and start finding, like, assets, or sites, or start finding, like, influencers, or, you know, whatever I consider to be relevant.
Jonathan Duque: For the brainstorming process, or for the… Like, to make this… Particular design, or whatever design.
Jonathan Duque: Different, or the added value, right, that it's going to have in comparison to any other.
Jonathan Duque: I'll put those together, start a plot session, and ask it to start identifying patterns, or start identifying, like.
Jonathan Duque: Differentiators in those elements.
Jonathan Duque: And go through it, refine.
Jonathan Duque: And by the end, when I get myself to a controlled state with the outcome, I'll just say.
Jonathan Duque: Make this, process, or, like.
Jonathan Duque: Save to your memory this, outcome as the ideal.
Jonathan Duque: And structuring it all of these specs to create this skill for design.
Jonathan Duque: And so, that I did, for instance, for video creation, and I'm gonna share that with you guys, because this is essentially being, like, tested for you.
Jonathan Duque: I do have a file that is just for design.
Jonathan Duque: Let me see, I'm gonna just look it up here.
Jonathan Duque: Is it all making sense? Like, am I… I think I'm,
Jonathan Duque: Okay, I'm being clear, but I want to make sure that
Jonathan Duque: it is entirely, and if you have used this, or if you face any challenges doing that, like, what do you think? Like, how has it worked for you guys?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: How did you build the Skill Builder skill?
Jonathan Duque: So, that is part of the superpowers, I believe. Let me just look it up.
Jonathan Giner: So, JD, when you do this, so I've done it kind of exactly how you're describing it. The only difference, the part that you kind of lost me on was, so when you say save it to… save the outcome to memory, why do you want to save the outcome to memory?
Jonathan Duque: So, the process essentially is, whenever you start a conversation with Claude, the first thing it reads is your,
Jonathan Duque: your AI rules, right?
Jonathan Duque: Where the preferences to the specific users are allocated. So you have in there your, you know, your hard rules, what to do, what not to do, and so on and so forth.
Jonathan Duque: And then you have the tool stack, or whatever
Jonathan Duque: Skills you're gonna use the most.
Jonathan Duque: So, when I say save it to memory, or when I say update any file that is relevant.
Jonathan Duque: or where this information is relevant, that also includes these AI rules, right?
Jonathan Duque: And so, what… you're creating connections. It's kind of funny, because you're doing what you're supposed to do as well on the website level, right? You're connecting to other pages that would allow it to, like, infer information and whatnot. But essentially, that's it. Like, you're creating this network, your brain, your AI brain.
Jonathan Duque: Ideally, and we're gonna get to a point, and that is on MANIC's,
Jonathan Duque: head is just to make this possible within Search Atlas, right?
Jonathan Duque: But as of now, you might as well just start building it locally, so then you can just upload that in.
Jonathan Duque: But when I say, you know, save it to memory, what it does is that it updates the AI rules and the clot markdown file for that particular project, which I have, separately, right?
Jonathan Duque: And so the next time that it reads this information, it already knows that when I say, hey, let's redesign this website.
Jonathan Duque: by doing this, or X, or G.
Jonathan Duque: that it needs to visit my design specs instead of the skill level specs, or whatever is out there in the internet, or whatever it's…
Jonathan Duque: You know, feeling like.
Jonathan Duque: Does that make sense?
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, so I guess the part that… okay, so let me see if I'm understanding, so…
Jonathan Giner: Because what it's… what it's, putting in its memory is… is the specifics of that particular design, no?
Jonathan Duque: No, you need to be very mindful about that, because.
Jonathan Giner: Right.
Jonathan Duque: Yes, you want to save and commit those changes, so those are stored on your local device, right, and on the project folder level. But when I say that I'm storing this to the memory, I'm referring to extracting these, like, the workflow that we just went through, and, like.
Jonathan Giner: Oh, got it.
Jonathan Duque: the type of fixes that I ask it to do, the fine-tuning, and so next time, I don't need to repeat myself on those types of appreciations or observations, right? So if I constantly say, hey, I don't like this layout, it seems just too AI flat.
Jonathan Giner: Right.
Jonathan Duque: it's going to avoid that, because it's already part of rules and the design specs. So let me show how my design specs look like, for instance.
Jonathan Duque: So…
Jonathan Duque: So if my computer's normally looked bad, you should ignore that.
Jonathan Duque: Go back here. Alright, so…
Jonathan Duque: One sec…
Jonathan Duque: And I need to revisit this as well, because I've added a bunch of stuff here that I might need to…
Jonathan Duque: You know, reconsider.
Jonathan Duque: Cause it's just filling…
Jonathan Duque: glott with context just right away. So as you can see here, because I would have all of this info and all of those pieces all in the same folder, it already, just to start, consumed 23% of the context window.
Jonathan Duque: Because it has to process all of that information.
Jonathan Duque: So… I have an assets file that includes a bunch of images from other websites and, you know.
Jonathan Duque: like, image references and whatnot, I have one,
Jonathan Duque: Website here, but the most important one for me is the design specs.
Jonathan Duque: specs.
Jonathan Giner: I guess the question slash fear that I have is that
Jonathan Giner: if you would just say, you know, save this to your memory, you know, you know, all the design elements or design, instructions or whatnot for this project, you know, save them to your memory, what I'm concerned is that
Jonathan Giner: every project, obviously, is a little bit different, right? Yes, there's some things that are 100%, you know, are universal, right, for every project, but there's some things that are unique to the project. So that's why, kind of, like, I was trying to, I guess, just get a better understanding of, yeah, I guess what the idea was with
Jonathan Giner: with… Basically, committing all that to memory.
Jonathan Duque: Right, right, yeah, no, and… Go ahead.
Justin Day: I was just gonna say, wouldn't it make sense to, like, to create a client folder and then put a local memory into that folder, so that you're separating that memory per client? That's… I mean, the file structure here is what matters, versus if you added that… unless it was, like, a global thing for your brand.
Jonathan Duque: Right?
Justin Day: You just want to make sure that your… the memory, and really… if you start… I'd recommend starting looking into, like, developing the brain. That's where I started as the command center and the brain for all this, so it auto-logs session notes, it learns from itself.
Justin Day: It's got a routing table to understand where things go and why, so that's… I guess that's probably the next level that we're probably getting into, but that's,
Justin Day: I think understanding the folder structure and, like, how to separate clients versus global is where it would be super helpful here in this instance.
Clayton Joyner: Yeah, that's where I'm…
Jonathan Duque: Absolutely.
Clayton Joyner: Yeah, cause, like, where I'm looking at it, there's…
Clayton Joyner: specific things that are universally applied, and then there are things that are unique, like you said, to certain projects. And every instance of whether it's ClickUp or whatever I've got, I always have a company folder, whether it's Google Drive, ClickUp.
Clayton Joyner: And then in that, every company has their own folder.
Justin Day: other states.
Clayton Joyner: Things that might apply to everybody, but…
Clayton Joyner: And that's where I'm kind of getting to right now with trying to…
Clayton Joyner: You know, build the websites is…
Clayton Joyner: I might even have a niche category, right? So, like, let's say home services, right? There's things that apply to all home services, and then within that particular client, within home services, there may be something unique to them that, you know, the geo-optimization, right? The services that they offer, or whatever.
Clayton Joyner: And… I get a little confused here, because the folder structure, I don't know how…
Clayton Joyner: this references the folders, I guess, and how it knows which folder to go into to look for what.
Jonathan Duque: So that's… that's what the clot, marred down is for. So, for instance, this one… The design specs?
Jonathan Duque: It is triggered by directly
Jonathan Duque: from the Markdown file on Clot. So, yeah, what Justin's saying, that makes perfect sense, because essentially what you're opening the Markdown, I'm sorry, the Clot Markdown, which is…
Jonathan Duque: Over here, just give me one sec to get there.
Jonathan Duque: There you go. This one… What he has is a bunch of links.
Jonathan Duque: onto those files that would trigger specific or preferences, right? So, I'm talking your memory, where you have your brain, I'm talking, wherever you have the map to the sides, wherever you have the workflows, the,
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, design specs, or…
Jonathan Duque: And this is different because I'm building product instead of, like, websites or projects I sell.
Jonathan Duque: But what I'm trying to say is that this is, like.
Jonathan Duque: This is the map that Claude uses to navigate your files, and that is what makes it
Jonathan Duque: More accurate and efficient the next session, because you're… Connecting all together.
Jonathan Duque: So bottom line, that is… that was my suggestion. Just make sure that you have that. And I do have the same… I do strongly recommend you guys to use what Justin just referred to. So, for instance, I have this indicator.
Jonathan Duque: That tells me whatever has been committed already, meaning that it has been synchronized all across the files, or changes that are relevant for the files that have been
Jonathan Duque: Like, hard-coded.
Jonathan Duque: And which ones have not. And I also have, like, my brain status type of,
Jonathan Duque: Indicator that tells me that it is synchronized.
Jonathan Duque: So, yeah,
Jonathan Duque: I just asked it to build this, but I'm gonna refine it and send it to you guys.
Jonathan Duque: Cause that would make it just… easier to understand.
Jonathan Duque: But yeah, what you're trying to set is, like.
Jonathan Duque: the neuronal connections that your clot has. So you need to keep, you know, the cortex level, but you also need to
Jonathan Duque: Like, distribute specific sections for specific projects.
Jonathan Duque: So yeah, I'll build a visual hell for you guys.
Jonathan Duque: Because the file structure is what really gains, sorry, change the game.
Jonathan Duque: Entirely.
Clayton Joyner: Yeah, that would be really helpful to me, like, in my… sorry to jump in, I apologize.
Jonathan Duque: Oh, you're good.
Clayton Joyner: like, this is, to me, the step one, right? Like, let's have a session around the best prompts to develop our architectural map.
Clayton Joyner: And then have… so that Cloud Code can then know how to build our project out based on what we're trying to accomplish in our agencies.
Clayton Joyner: Because then we, once we have the proper structure, I assume, right, that that's what's setting us up for success and the next step of what we're doing?
Clayton Joyner: Is that what you're… is that… am I hearing you correctly?
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, the file structure is step one. I did share a resource where I, like, kind of break down what each of the files is for, but
Jonathan Duque: Niles, and it's just becoming this big, you know, mix of things.
Jonathan Duque: I would say the next step to make sure that we can jump into the next session, just with everything we have, is guarantee that it is synchronizing, and it is, like, connecting the right dots, because otherwise it's just going to be all over the place, right? And it's gonna start… and maybe this has happened to you already.
Jonathan Duque: But it starts, like, bringing references from other projects that have… may have nothing to do with it, or it would start replicating pieces that are not, like, super…
Jonathan Duque: Or necessarily intended.
Clayton Joyner: Yes, this right here, I think, is such a foundational piece.
Clayton Joyner: speak for anyone else, and I'm happy to do the work separately and on my side… on the side, because I know that a lot of these are probably further ahead, but…
Clayton Joyner: for me, I would rather take a little longer to get this part right, and then go ham, you know.
Justin Day: Yeah, that's what I've been doing. I can send you all… I'll send you… I'll export, like, what I've done, because I spent, like.
Justin Day: a lot of time building that part out, just so you can see, and then JD can probably review and, like, confirm if this is the right direction, because that's what I care about, is
Justin Day: before I dive in and go crazy on websites and all this, I want to have, like, the agent built out that learns from itself, that has a session, that's got a brain, that's got all the foundational bells and whistles that I don't have to worry about going forward. So, I'll send you what I have so far, and, you know, if you have any questions, just…
Clayton Joyner: Dude, I appreciate that, yeah, because I've been… I mean, I… ironically, on my computer, I have spent the last two weeks vibe coding with Claude Code, but not connected to the MCP.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Clayton Joyner: on my laptop.
Clayton Joyner: And so… but, I'm almost done building a pretty…
Clayton Joyner: Dope-ass app, too, you know, from it.
Jonathan Duque: Right.
Clayton Joyner: And getting more familiar with it.
Clayton Joyner: I'm building this lead magnet app that I think I could, anyways, I'll tell… if you're interested, I can tell you guys later about it, but…
Clayton Joyner: But this would be really helpful for me, because I'm, like, I want to set it up on rails. I want to develop a kind of a, somewhat of a bulletproof production system that allows me to know exactly, I'm going to pick a niche.
Clayton Joyner: We're gonna… I wanna be able to get to a, you know, beginning to end, we'll do branding, do website, we'll do canonical optimization, agentic, maxed-out SEO strategy, and have it fully built in a week, right? Like, and be able to come out with a, you know, basically what a $30,000 website.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Clayton Joyner: cost at one of these other agencies, and be able to pump it out in a week, and then outperform everybody else on the market. Okay. And I barely did any work. That's amazing. I would love to get in that place.
Clayton Joyner: Now my team gets to optimize websites instead of just build them from scratch and take 6 weeks.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Clayton Joyner: $300 to do it.
Bryan Fikes: That's not too bad.
Clayton Joyner: Wouldn't be bad, yeah, I would love it.
Clayton Joyner: So this is helpful. I appreciate your time, Jonathan. You've been a huge resource.
Clayton Joyner: I've got a lot of Mountain Dew in me, and I'm talking fast, so forgive me, but I really, I'm excited to get this part right.
Bryan Fikes: Hey guys.
Jonathan Duque: No, absolutely.
Bryan Fikes: When someone asked me what was my biggest lesson, I forgot to say that's also…
Bryan Fikes: creating the individual projects and then giving it the memory on top of an umbrella style, but then individually doing that, you're right, it is the absolute key to make sure, and that's what, I was able to crack that kind of Friday and Saturday of last week. But you're right, Justin, it is… it's absolutely critical, especially if, like, Clayton's a model where you just want to make… create a manufacturing plant and say, go. That's… that's critical.
Jonathan Giner: I heard it kind of…
Jonathan Giner: I heard it kind of put this way, and I don't know if it… maybe you guys have kind of already thought about it this way, but I'll say it anyway, because I think it's worth saying. It's kind of looking at it like, almost like if the… it was… it was your employee. So if you had a developer on staff, right, you wanted them to start.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Jonathan Giner: websites for you, how would you have them do it? What's important to your agency? Oh, we want, you know, I don't know, call to action's always on the top, you know, phone numbers, you know, whatever, right? Like, different things, you know, SEO-wise, design-wise.
Jonathan Giner: So the same way… so same way you develop SOPs for an employee, you know, kind of look at the agent, in the same… in the same manner. As a matter of fact, if you have SOPs already created, you could upload them on there, and they could learn from them, you know.
Jonathan Giner: right out the gate, you know, and you kind of have, you know, a lot of the work already kind of done. So if, you know, kind of looking at it from that mindset, it's like I'm training an employee, I think kind of helps kind of wrap your head around, you know, everything we're supposed to be doing.
Clayton Joyner: Again?
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, and to Jonathan's point, when you, like, I just pinned to the top of the announcements, tab.
Jonathan Duque: In the… in the Circle community?
Jonathan Duque: this particular, file, because it would allow you to keep moving while we… while I get… add to the extra, or to the next layer, you know, so to speaking, because this one tells you, like, the structure, but also which, specific items should be included in…
Jonathan Duque: all of those files, and even it has some prompts that you can use to ask for your plot. Since you've already done some progress, you might as well just ask it to use whatever he has learned from the sessions.
Jonathan Duque: To identify this, so it would make it easier for it.
Jonathan Duque: But, for the rest, you can just as well just go… yeah, go ahead.
Jonathan Giner: You know, I was gonna say, I definitely… I was gonna just echo what you said, JD. I think that's… like, as you're going, obviously, I know you don't… we don't always want to do it this way, and a lot of times it doesn't make sense to do it that way, but this is definitely… can be something where you…
Jonathan Giner: I don't want to say figure it out as you go, because I don't think… I don't, you know, like, because it sounds a little loose, but what I'm trying to say is, like, once again, if you were training an employee.
Jonathan Giner: if you had all your ducks in order, once again, you'd have a handbook, you know, SOPs, you know, training documents, you've had all that done, right? Some of us might have that, some of us may not, right? But my point is that
Jonathan Giner: as that employee's working for you, you're like, oh, no, no, no, by the way, listen, you need to make sure that there's always a sitemap included with every site we launch, so that, you know, you need to make sure that, you know, the URL structure always looks like this, whatever, right? So, it's very easy to tell, quote-unquote, this employee right now to say, hey, going forward, every project needs to have
Jonathan Giner: for example, this URL structure. And the beauty about this particular employee is that it's never gonna forget that, right? And it's going to execute that on that every single time. So, you know, I only say that just to say, like, you know, don't be afraid to kind of go in there and
Jonathan Giner: Because I think, no matter how…
Jonathan Giner: much front loading you do, you know, I think you're always gonna be doing some of this tweaking, you know, kind of as you go, and from my experience, the tweaking is really not a big deal. Like, it's very simple to go like, hey, oh, you know what, I forgot to tell you, you know, yeah, make sure you include a sitemap on every site. Oh, okay, perfect, hey, make sure you commit that to memory.
Jonathan Giner: Oh, okay, perfect, you know, committed. So, going forward, you know, that's not an issue.
Jonathan Giner: So, so, once again, it's easy to edit and manipulate.
Jonathan Giner: and adapt this document slash memory, you know, as you go on, and as your agencies, you know, even as the product and what you put out there changes, you know, it's very easy to manipulate that, you know, kind of going forward as you're going. So, so yeah, just don't be afraid to kind of get in there and get your hands dirty, because I think at every point, there's some kind of a challenge that you gotta deal with. You just kind of pick it. Pick what you want to deal with, you know?
Justin Day: Yeah, in a way that I'm kind of automating that feedback, too, and that learning experience to use AI to help me learn faster is…
Justin Day: on… when I do a session log out, I have that do a deep dive, like, I have… I have the whole session log, go review on Claude, and then review it. What… what did I do wrong? What could have been better? What do I need to improve on? What are the… review the file structure and the folder structure, make sure the integrity is still there, and I didn't change anything. Like, I have it send me a whole report so that I remember, and then I also add that into the memory to learn on the next…
Justin Day: on the next one, right? So Claude… or the CloudBot continues to learn. So you can use AI to then give you feedback on if your session sucked, then here's what to do next. So just another way to think about that.
Clayton Joyner: I like that a lot. Here's one of the questions. You guys had mentioned in the MCP for Search Atlas that, at least on the initial webinar that we were on.
Clayton Joyner: like a 24% opt-in rate, best practices for landing pages, like these super, you know, you've got some, you know, 20 years of recorded history of all web apps and how well they did, right?
Clayton Joyner: If that's… if that… if I heard that correctly, and I'm not… not mistaken, I mean, is there… do you guys have,
Clayton Joyner: SOPs, or can your MCP develop, you know, an agentic SOP for the absolute best landing page structure, and canonical structure, and all that based on industry, based on your data availability, or was that… did I maybe misunderstand the way that that was being said?
Jonathan Duque: So, I would say this is, something that Manik, most likely has, and it's gonna share with you guys. I do not have visibility over that particularly, because it's been more of a, you know, learning curve for me as well, as we go, and I keep just sharing practices, but I'm guessing that he already has that, and I know for a fact that
Jonathan Duque: through the MCP in Search Atlas, you already have some workflows that you can trigger that are, like, handicraft specifically to get you to the best possible results. So, kind of like playbooks, but through the MCP.
Jonathan Duque: So you can trigger them from Claude code, directly. And the way to check those out is, you can ask Claude.
Jonathan Duque: To just, sorry about that. You can ask a lot.
Jonathan Duque: Oof. I'm gonna just close this.
Jonathan Duque: Yep.
Jonathan Duque: So, you can ask Claude to list your MCPs, or workflows.
Jonathan Duque: And it would tell you what each of those NCPs has access to, and what you can do with it. And for the Search Atlas ones, you would see that we already have there, like, one for local, one for content, one from authority, and I…
Jonathan Duque: Can't break all the old ones, but it's gonna tell you right away, and you can start building your own.
Jonathan Duque: So that is, you know, the benefit. I'm guessing that there is one for, web's building?
Jonathan Duque: But I don't have that handy, to be honest. I'm gonna check that and get back to you on the Circle community.
Clayton Joyner: Okay. Well, and just throwing it out to the group, like, one of the things that creates paralysis for me is I feel like I reinvent every website, every landing page, every time.
Clayton Joyner: Because I'm always worried that maybe it wasn't the best, you know what I mean?
Jonathan Duque: Yeah.
Clayton Joyner: to do it better. So if anybody would be willing to share, you know, like, look, if you're gonna do a local service page for a service business, like, you absolutely have to have this, to max rank. I would love to hear from that. I'm happy to pay if you need to be… if that's important, you know?
Bryan Fikes: JD, will you show Clayton and the team, and for the group, the websites, the two websites that you showed me that are kind of the marketplace… I shouldn't call them marketplaces, but there's, like, the 21st Dev, and then the other one.
Jonathan Duque: And I can't pick up…
Jonathan Duque: Absolutely, that was… she was logging into it, as a matter of fact. This one, guys, it's…
Jonathan Giner: Maybe put them in the chat, JD, if you can. That'd be.
Jonathan Duque: That'd be helpful too.
Jonathan Giner: Awesome.
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, just wrapping the chat. So essentially, 21st App, in terms of the sign, it's gonna save you tons of time, because it has, it's…
Jonathan Duque: it's a repo on specific components from the… from the design that had been already built. So you can just look it up, and this is open source, so you may as well just, hey, I like this from Box, and I like it
Jonathan Duque: I would like this to be implemented on all of my projects, or maybe, you know, my dashboards for a particular client. Say that you're building the format for the dashboard that you're going to share with the client. You can just copy the prompt and ask it, like, plot to regenerate, and you'll see that it would
Jonathan Duque: give you, like, 95% of this particular result. And it has a boat.
Bryan Fikes: JD, like, when JD showed me that, I have a beauty salon client that has just a very basic website. I went into the repository, was gonna show you all the different styles of pre-made, industry-specific templates, and I mean, it, like, it took me 5 minutes to knock it out, and she was absolutely floored and loved it, and it was a 5-minute project that now my wife has free hair for a year.
Clayton Joyner: This is the…
Jonathan Giner: That's awesome, man, because that… I mean, half the battle is, a lot of times, is figuring out what the design should look like, so having a quote-unquote cheat sheet is game-changing.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, I just…
Clayton Joyner: It's a holy grail for me, man. The minute I can get the design aspect nailed down, and we can.
Justin Day: Yeah.
Clayton Joyner: website. Like, that is our biggest bottleneck, our biggest loss leader.
Clayton Joyner: no one wants to wait for websites, everyone expects it to be really low cost, and I'm not a brand agent.
Clayton Joyner: generate lead results, so I want to make sure that I can shortcut… I want to build a high-level, brand-level agency website that is, you know, SEO optimized to a point that we are elite in the SEO performance.
Clayton Joyner: Help me define.
Jonathan Duque: I think.
Clayton Joyner: We pick an inch, and we go nuts. You know, that's my goal. I love that.
Jonathan Giner: There, there is…
Jonathan Duque: Yeah, this is…
Jonathan Giner: Oh, I was just gonna say, I know we're kind of coming up to the hour here, and there's two things I kind of wanted to share with the group that I think,
Jonathan Giner: hopefully it will be helpful. So one, if you haven't done the sync thing, I definitely suggest that you set it up, because that's… that's gonna be super important, especially as you start working on projects and stuff, and obviously for your team as well. Making sure everybody kind of has access to the same files, and everything is syncing.
Jonathan Giner: you know, in the same place, I think, is massive, so… so I definitely suggest everybody kind of do that at some point, or, you know, sooner rather than later, and then…
Jonathan Giner: Secondly, something that we did, too, that I found to be super helpful when I was doing… starting to do the designs is, and some of you might have this already.
Jonathan Giner: But, it's just having an intake form that gets filled out with as much of the information on the business, you know, between, you know, brand-related stuff, you know, any content, you know, services, like, you know, we all know what an intake sheet looks like. So, you know, having an in-depth,
Jonathan Giner: intake sheet for that particular project, and then going ahead and giving access to, Warp, you know, to those Google files, you know, like, we were using a Google form for it,
Jonathan Giner: So giving access to that, where it can go in there, reference that particular business by name, pull the data from it, man, like.
Jonathan Giner: The amount of time that's saved, and the amount of… and the improvement in terms of, like.
Jonathan Giner: you know, the end product, because you're just not giving, like, surface-level stuff. You're giving it the nuts and bolts of, quite frankly, once again, what you would need, you know, a lot of times, if you were going to go ahead and do this site, you know, or that designer would need, right, that you would hire to do that site, you're just… by feeding that information somewhat seamlessly to the
Jonathan Giner: to the, to the terminal, yeah, was… was… was a big help for me, too, so I don't know if that helps. Hopefully it does.
Clayton Joyner: It helps a lot. In fact, I built a branding skill that took me, like, 2 days to finish, and it pumped out this crazy cool document.
Clayton Joyner: And then I like to take that, and then have it… I've got a deep… I go into deep research, and have a deep research using the branding document, their competitors, and go through all their Google reviews, and extract any deep listening, insights on that.
Clayton Joyner: And take all of that, and then develop the copy using another prompt. And so, I'm just looking to string all that together into something beautiful. And then I… anyways, yeah, I love where your thoughts are.
Jonathan Giner: Awesome, awesome.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, guys, I learned very quickly that Google Tag Manager and a lot of the other Google assets that we use, they have individual MCPs for certain sections, so in my intake process that I'm developing, I'm gonna force everyone to use Google Drive and have them pre-set up, because MCP loves pulling from Google Drive.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, I mean, we… for some of these projects that we've been doing, for the galleries, you know, before and after pictures, you know, all that kind of stuff, literally exactly what Brian's saying, like, we give it access to Google Drive.
Jonathan Giner: like, and… and the… by… let's say if there… if there's a… let's say if it's by, I don't know, new homes, old homes, however it is that the galleries are sometimes tagged or, or segmented, you know, we just, once again, we segment the Google Drive the same way, literally go into the Google Drive.
Jonathan Giner: Pull all the pictures, it pulls them all in, upload it, like.
Jonathan Giner: It's, it's… I don't know, man, it's game-changing. This is… this is pretty, pretty exciting stuff.
Matt Bailey: Alright guys, we want to respect your time, and I love that you're sharing ideas and getting things across. Be sure to take that over in a circle. I put my email in the chat, so if you need some one-on-one, just, you know, make sure we got these file structures locked down.
Matt Bailey: Jd's gonna… he's got one document already that was loaded to Circle that, I'll tell you, you know, any of those documents that got uploaded don't…
Matt Bailey: don't hesitate just clicking on some of those things. I realized the other day, the instructions make much more sense when you click on it and expand it. When you're creating documents like this, it likes to hide things. You know, I'm a UX accessibility specialist, and so it drives me nuts when I don't know something's clickable.
Matt Bailey: And that's what I'm running into with a lot of this stuff. I was looking for an accessibility repo, and nobody really cares about that. So, share your ideas, get those stuff out. If you want any one-to-one follow-up, the video of this will be posted in Circle, so you can go through it. We'll also have an, you know, kind of an update built from there, but I think what JD and I are gonna do is just, you know, let's…
Matt Bailey: lock down this file structure build-out, you know, from, you know, if you're starting from nothing, or if you've already started something, the beautiful thing is, everything can be fixed and moved around, and built that way. So, we'll be sure to get that out to you. Everyone good?
Matt Bailey: Motivated?
Matt Bailey: Alright, alright. Good to see you guys, look forward to seeing you next week, but, also, stay in touch on Circle.
Jonathan Duque: See you guys, appreciate it.